Add v2 documentation (#289)
episerver/content-js-sdk: docs/5-fetching.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**New in version 2.0** Unified content fetching method using GraphReference. Provides flexible content retrieval with support for key-based queries, locale filtering, and version selection.
```

If we even should mention that it's new in a specific version. The docs always follows the code version anyway since they're versioned together.

Author: Ill remove this part

}
```

### Define client in a more flexible way

With JS SDK version 2 and above, it is easier to define the client and use it throughout the application. You can now define the client in the root file and then use built-in functions to create the client.

```tsx

> // Configure Optimizely Graph client

Reviewer: Maybe add the import directive for `config`?

Author: Added the import

config({
  apiKey: process.env.OPTIMIZELY_GRAPH_SINGLE_KEY,
  graphUrl: process.env.OPTIMIZELY_GRAPH_GATEWAY,
});
```

#### config() Parameters

- **`apiKey`** (required): Your Optimizely Graph API key (Single key from CMS Settings → API Keys)
- **`graphUrl`** (optional): Custom Graph URL. Defaults to `https://cg.optimizely.com/content/v2`
- **`host`** (optional): Default application host for path filtering. Useful for multi-site scenarios
- **`maxFragmentThreshold`** (optional): Maximum number of GraphQL fragments before logging warnings. Defaults to `100`
- **`cache`** (optional): Enable/disable server-side caching for all queries. Defaults to `true`
- **`slot`** (optional): Select which Graph index to query (`'Current'` or `'New'`). Used during smooth rebuilds

After declaring this, you can get the client anywhere within the project by using the `getClient()` method.

```tsx

> type Props = {

Reviewer: Maybe add the import directive for `getClient`?

Author: Added the import

  params: Promise<{
    slug: string[];
  }>;
};

export async function Page({ params }: Props) {
  const { slug } = await params;

  // gets an instance of the client
  const client = getClient();
  const path = `/${slug.join('/')}/`;
  
  // fetch content via the client
  const content = await client.getContentByPath(path);

   return <pre>{JSON.stringify(content[0], null, 2)}</pre>;
}
```

### Why use `getClient()` instead of `new GraphClient()`?

The `getClient()` approach is preferred because:

> - **Single configuration point**: Configure Graph client once in root layout instead of passing environment variables to every component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Single configuration point**: Configure Graph client once in your app's entry point instead of passing environment variables to every component
```
